one of the insights I got the marine corps was how close I am to my family
that I never knew about it before I am very close to my family
and three brothers two older and one younger had wonderful mom and dad
good grades grandparents on both sides didn't have a lot of cousins
but really really good failed when I was in Vietnam came along and
my parents sent me a little fold up Christmas tree that I could put
up on top of my locker where the Vietnam and when Christmas morning
came I opened my locker and took out the presents that they'd sent
me in the presence of my girlfriend it sent me for Christmas and several
of the guys in the barracks room live came and watched me open
my presents which is rather uncomfortable and I ask them what did your
folks into anything for Christmas in several of them told me I don't
even know where my parents live you know I lost track of a few
years ago after I got a high school in I don't know where they are and
what about your siblings non had a brother but I like him very much
we don't talk I don't worries and that just really amazed me so I've
always found time to stay in touch with my family but I did learn
from that not everybody thinks that Sir activity worth putting in
time at odds it varies from family to family and personal person